Privilege Escalation
First, we will copy the exploit to
our home directory
so we don’t alter the original version.
With the copy made, we will follow
the compile instructions in the file.
The exploit compiled without errors so we
will use meterpreter to upload it to Ajla.
Finally, it’s time to run the
exploit against Ajla.
We’ll first make the exploit
executable, and then run it.
The exploit does not give us any
output but running whoami
tells us that we are now
running as the root user.
Now that we have root access, we can
create a more stable backdoor using ssh.
This will allow us to come back to
Ajla even if our meterpreter session dies.
First, we need to generate a new
ssh key on our Kali machine
and copy it to the clipboard.
With our ssh key generated,
we can create the authorized_keys
file on Ajla to accept our public key.
We’ll do this via the root shell
in our meterpreter session.
Now on Kali, we can use the ssh
client to connect to Ajla directly.